here is my review for blood lad episode
one person present so let's get into
this so far I can get into this entire
be liberal history on the show but lad
really started off as a manga right here
it's created by yuki kodama and
sterilized by young ace and that's
probably there's nothing really isn't
anything else like spin offs or anything
like that just from olga they got a
deficit anime the show is directed by
sec yukimi wha the show is written by
takeshi camita and the music is by yuki
hiya sheet and the enemy studios which
why I've actually other brings up last
cuz I kind of wanna talk about this is
bring base Nemus to do is brain-based
raids base the renovations is really
impressive me right now I had to look
into the studio's because I was like
this came from somewhere else we're
watching anime had this and it is
brothers conflict where this confident
looks so good and this animation for
this for the show for blood lad is very
very good and so I looked up and see
what else they did apparently did it
show called amnesia that I also reviewed
and I'm like in a mission that one too
i'm like ok they're the really
impressing me baby the dora so I'm just
like okay then I'm becoming a fan of
rains business innovation they're
they're really good this very clean is
very crystalline nice nice little
movements and I like that so brave risk
you keep it up you got you guys are
doing a great job one other thing I
actually wants to mention as well and
it's the voice actor for the main
characters fast the voice actor his name
is realtà Osaka realtà played a
character in last season his name is
Mouse Roo from hot rock mouse ama which
I also reviewed and I'm says one wise
whistling familiars I didn't look that
up as well I'm just like oh my goodness
like I'm coming become a big fan of his
voice actor he's doing a very good job
and wouldn't suffice obdi ex likewise
acting so I guess overall I'm some kind
like out literally because it's like
Swiss epicness within the show all right
you know so yeah all right
for the show basically we have a main
character's name is fat and he is a
vampire apparently he owns a territory
and there's other people that actually
own territory as well within the demon
world by the way this is the demon world
there actually is a human world so we
have this girl that comes in here her
name is for you me and she is from the
human world that somehow got to the
demon world and so later they figure out
how he came from the demon world we come
from humoral to the demon world and the
thing is she dies within this episode
she has the pilot fastest MIT well his
fly the fastest depth with an anime
because really she was there like five
minutes before she died and so after she
died she became a ghost and so stash
promises her that he will bring her back
to life basically so that he also go to
human world cuz when it comes to Stan's
character status is it even me he's in
need this like loves anime and manga and
just a big fan of Japanese culture and
stuff like that you love to go to the
human world which part of many parties
in my office was helping out the girl as
well not to mention when she first came
when she was just human he had like
we're how crushed he's one wise heart
I'll beat not bad but since he died and
is a ghost it's not the same effect
anymore so she I think he's also trying
to look for that the same effect again
because I think there's more to UM stat
is helping her like he might ask me to
suck her blood because as a very
prosperous to do it he doesn't really
want to do that exactly this was more to
it but nonetheless as is all going gone
and she became a ghost um they basically
going to depart to the humor all right
now and they just went to check on her
see if she's able to actually go to
human world what you can and that's
basically the ending up so could they go
to that gate and then leave so um yeah
like I said thanks to the system oh um
UNS robbins forgot just when it comes
with the territory by the way in order
to become a boss you had to kill the
territory boss so if you were to kill
stats yet could his head off in order to
kill them you can become the territory
boss of that spot of that territory so
that's how that also works as well so
far gonna see a bunch of look like you
like a bunch of by eight so like
territory wars stuff like that because
because these call pterosaur play they
can gain space but um yeah it also
look up so there's do but plant that
stuff which is what the reason why uh
Fuyumi got killed in this episode of
plant ate her so yeah we heat like what
home she's fast she's freaking powerful
as I'm a what like this sucker has a
cheap freak move this guy i can grab
your heart every surely just crushed
like a bag is that like what I feel
surprise was the finnegans bag hey guys
like oh my heart oh you scratching up
like wait how you fight that thing just
boom is done like that fight was like
less than a minute like look but hey
like I don't know how you force upon
against bad but alrighty then was just
kind of interesting because next episode
we see like this uh this new character
come here with blond hair yeah so this
was interesting the animation at the car
i said this was Rex really good I really
enjoyed the animation for this is very
Christian clean I was a little surprised
though that it looks so like vibrant it
has much class like a lot of color out
to say from how it is is it but it's not
bad though I was expecting something a
little bit different yachts when I was
reading the manga to thinking how a man
look I'll say the voices are very very
good i also like the voice I like that
how kiss all the characters um the music
music about I like the opening ending
there they're not bad but I can dig I
can dig 0 tiger army as I keep listening
to it um the soundtrack for this for the
series is actually pretty good as well I
mean if this the scenes perfectly really
and I'll say that the comedy is pretty
good in this is will all right i mean
i'm enjoying there's a lot of journals
evofrance is like he has a bigger
keychain or something like that on his
phone of joy elbow guarantee character
like going super saiyan crap so as funny
they're also he was trying to like um
bring her back swag who's thinking i
need to read a mala to get some
references on how to bring her back to
life me thought of the Dragon Balls in
order to effectively I was like look so
stupid so I mean the commie is pretty
good also in this series as well so this
is this is gonna be a good good show a
heavy hitter for this season this could
be one of the best out of the season but
we'll see because it's still more anime
to come but uh I think I covered
everything I need a cover so with that
being said leave your comment below and
tell me what you think of blood lad do
you like it you hate it what are your
thoughts on me I like to know like like
this review and subscribe to my channel
one
some more seasonal reviews for me and
before I asked in this video off like i
said if you guys want me to continue to
review this series um leave a comment or
I might just X I might make a video I
keep saying might but I don't make a
video where you guys can vote on this
series so I can continue reviewing the
shell become well I want to review the
shows that you guys want me to review I
don't want to just review it off just oh
I love this young yeah you know I just I
want you guys to watch this stuff's on
any and your need your input on this so
yeah it's been the brake master and
until then break out